Watching movies has become one of the most important forms of entertainment for people. It can not only spread culture, but also be a convenient way of entertainment. So in order to meet people's demand to make a good film, we will study the factors that affect the quality of a film. Through generalized linear model and graph, several variables given by IMDB database are analyzed, and the influence trend is obtained.

This project collect the data of 3001 movies from the IMDB movie database and divide into two categories according to the rating of films, with films with rating greater than 7 and films with rating lower than 7 

In the exploratory analysis, firstly, we use the histogram to analysis the distribution of the four variables: the year of film(year), the length of film(length), the budget of film(budget) and the audience favorable vote of film(votes). We find that excessive outliers in the variables of length and vote, so we make a log transform to the data. Next, we analyze the differences between films with rating greater than 7 and films with rating lower than 7 by using pie chart and boxplot. And we find differences between high-rated films and low-rated film in various films with different genres, budgets and lengths. Thirdly, we use a correlation analysis to explore the correlations between the variables, arguing that there is no colinearity problem between these variables.

In the GLM regression, the film rating(score) is dependent variable(the score is greater than 7 is 1 and the score below 7 is 0); the type of film (genre), the year of film(year), the length of film(length), the budget of film(budget) and the audience favorable vote of film(votes) are independent variables. Finally, we build the GLM model, and use stepwise regression approach to select the final model, we found that the type of film (genre), the length of film(length) and the budget of film(budget) will affect the film score. 

